SNOW-801847: Support Mapping or Series arg in Series.map. (#2649)
snowflakedb/snowpark-python: CHANGELOG.md

### Snowpark pandas API Updates

#### New Features

> - Added partial support for `Series.map` with `arg` a pandas `Series` or a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added partial support for `Series.map` when `arg` is a pandas `Series` or a
```
